 Truth:
In 2009, Maverick suicided. He thought his girlfriend betrayed him by Reveal the game Survival to Giovanni¡¯s company. He bought the fatal poison online and beer. When Anastasia came to find him, she wanted to explain to him but at the same time, he already drunk the poison beer. Anastasia did push him accidentally, but it was because of the drug that made him unable to maintain the balance. After that she was terrified hence she went for a drink. That was when Giovanni found her and heard she saying she accidentally killed her boyfriend, since he loved her so much he decided to help her disguise scene. Then he set the office on fire. That's why the informer didn't state that the office was on fire. And after that he bribed the Chief of Police to stop the investigation.

In 2019, the person who directly cause Gabriel's death was Giovanni. The direct evidence is that his clothes button was in Gabriel's hand, which means that Gabriel did struggle. 
In fact, everyone has motivations for killing him. 
After Clayton found out that Anastasia was his sister and he thought Gabriel would report Anastasia was Maverick's girlfriend 10 years ago, he has to do something to prevent this from happening. He went to Gabriel's house at 18:00 and he hurt him using a random decoration tower. To his surprise, it says that Anastasia killed Maverick 10 years ago. Even though he was so confused, he took all files he could find and deleted the document. Then he heard Luna came back hence he jumped out of the window and left. Then he got a message from Luna saying that she could explain everything. They decided to meet at 21:00. After they met, he went back to Gabriel's house to kill him but he saw Anastasia came out and the smoke from his house. He thought she killed Gabriel hence he went into his house. He found that Gabriel was lying on the sofa so he stabbed him.
Luna recently found out that her husband wanted to report a false conclusion and the reason why he married her was just because she was a police. Hence she felt betrayed. Her passion to truth further pushed her to kill Gabriel. She bought the pill and drug and sent her daughter to her neighbour. Since the drug takes 30 minutes to works, when she saw Clayton at 18:20, she decided to take advantage of him to fake her alibi. She gave the drug to Gabriel at 8:50 but Giovanni murdered him before 21:20. 
Anastasia went to Gabriel's house at 21:15 and she saw him lying on the sofa just like he is asleep. She tried to find the files about her but couldn't find anything. Then she recalled what happened 10 years ago so she set the house on fire.
Giovanni came at 21:00 with 1 million dollars. He wanted to negotiate with Gabriel but failed. Then he use a pillow to stifle him. The button was the evidence to show that he was alive at that time.
